Fix language and typos (#979)
grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource: docs/sources/references/url.md

# Configuring URL

> You can enter any URL in the query URL field. URL should be a valid JSON/CSV/Graphql/XML/HTML endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enter any URL in the query URL field. URL must be a valid JSON, CSV, GraphQL, XML, or HTML endpoint.
```
